Expanded Readme & CONTRIBUTING.md (#126)
great-expectations/cloud: README.md

[![pre-commit.ci status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/great-expectations/cloud/main.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/great-expectations/cloud/main)
[![Ruff](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/charliermarsh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff)

## Quick Start

### Python

#### Install
```
pip install great_expectations_cloud
```
##### Optional Dependencies
```
pip install 'great_expectations_cloud[sql]'
```

#### Set env variables

`GX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN`
`GX_CLOUD_ORGANIZATION_ID`

### Start the Agent

> May want to run the agent outside docker if testing against a localhost backend or datasource.

Reviewer: I think you need to do this unless you alter the `Dockerfile` somehow.

> May want to run the agent outside docker if testing against a localhost backend or datasource.

Author: ```suggestion
If you intend to run the agent against local services (Cloud backend or datasources) you will need to run the agent outside of the container.
```

[![pre-commit.ci status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/great-expectations/cloud/main.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/great-expectations/cloud/main)
[![Ruff](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/charliermarsh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff)

## Quick Start

### Python

#### Install
```console
pip install great_expectations_cloud
```
##### Optional Dependencies
```console
pip install 'great_expectations_cloud[sql]'
```

```console
$ gx-agent --help

> usage: gx-agent [-h] [--log-level LOG_LEVEL] [--skip-log-file SKIP_LOG_FILE] [--log-cfg-file LOG_CFG_FILE] [--version]

Author: We need to use more lazy imports or something, showing this help page is unbearable slow.
On my machine it takes like 5+ seconds

[![Ruff](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/charliermarsh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff)

## Quick Start

### Python

#### Install
```console
pip install great_expectations_cloud
```
##### Optional Dependencies
```console
pip install 'great_expectations_cloud[sql]'
```

```console
$ gx-agent --help
usage: gx-agent [-h] [--log-level LOG_LEVEL] [--skip-log-file SKIP_LOG_FILE] [--log-cfg-file LOG_CFG_FILE] [--version]

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --log-level LOG_LEVEL
                        Level of logging to use. Defaults to WARNING.
  --skip-log-file SKIP_LOG_FILE
                        Skip writing debug logs to a file. Defaults to False. Does not affect logging to stdout/stderr.
  --log-cfg-file LOG_CFG_FILE
                        Path to a logging configuration json file. Supersedes --log-level and --skip-log-file.
  --version             Show the gx agent version.
```

#### Set env variables

`GX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN`
`GX_CLOUD_ORGANIZATION_ID`

### Start the Agent

> If you intend to run the agent against local services (Cloud backend or datasources) run the agent outside of the container.

Reviewer 2: Nit: we might consider moving this instruction to the CONTRIBUTING.md file so it doesn't confuse customers trying to start their agent

Author: I'm fine with that
